Creativecoin Core integration/staging tree
=====================================



https://creativechain.org

MANIFEST

Having the intention to push forward and extend further the Blockchain technology, the CreativChain Project is launching a proposal that aim at solving some of the problems related to the /[that the] world of the digital content, editorial context, copyright and their involved commercial applications are having with every kind of information or intellectual propriety.

After having deeply studied and evaluated the needs of the authors, consumers, miners and editors, the CreativeChain team has developed a plan to address and solve most of the problems existing nowadays: 

AUTHORS PROBLEMS

P- The authors do not own their own work in the majority of the cases, that implies that someone is stealing their efforts and money.
S- The authors must be the owners of what they publish with a certificate, in an inbred way throughout the time.

P- The authors are often binded by just one contract with their work. This is denying them a real access to the free market.
S- They must have the possibility to distribute their work with a great variety of possibilities, per different contracts, per installations, by time, by bid and so on.

P- Platforms that act as intermediaries by distributing the contents have the vast majority of the benefits resulting by the authors work. Usury in the intermediation.
S- As we will eliminate the intermediaries, they simply stop existing anymore.

P- There’s the impossibility of receiving micro-payments with the traditional systems and platforms while their commissions are too much expensive at the same time.
S- Each CREA token is divisible by 100 millions, the transaction fee is just 1 cent of EUR.

P- Transparency and traceability of the users fruition of the content is very opaque. For example, with google or youtube we have to blindly trust that what they are telling us is coherent with the receipts that they emit, the same applies with every other kind of platform managing ads or digital contents.
S- Public and pseudo-anonymous data, only the authors have the possibility to link themselves to their content and, in addition, there is the possibility to publish encrypted content.

P- The systems and platforms for advertising are too much expensive and are based on CPC, CPA, CPM that, on the more, don’t grant the non-manipulation of the data or they are generated by bot-nets or farms.
S- Only people would pay to value the contents, there are no robots that would pay instead, the user/consumer would just have to pay a very little amount but only if they value the content, and in order to reward the author and the mining process. It is much more complex to attack a network that is decentralized. Why would someone pay for [publishing/using] something that is crap [not worth anything]?

NO MORE ABUSES FROM THE BIG COMPANIES. We do not need any specific study in order to imagine the amount of money that is in the hands of these miserable people who could instead be helping to form a better economy and distribute the wealth in a more fair way. A democratic system that does not make a fair distribution of its assets is a fallacy because it isn’t giving participation in the system in the same way to the whole world, allowing it to contribute. Currently, there is just who is rich or poor and not a multitude of multicolored classes, it seems that nobody realized or thought about this, why? We are used to endorse these companies as “cool innovators”, because they give us “free services” that we seem to value, but they are just some apparently friendly faces that instead insist to spread and sell the same problems to everyone and forever. If you want to know more about how the corporations that manage digital contents are not as good as you could imagine, please watch this video. Emancipate yourself and own your little piece of sand.


CONSUMERS PROBLEMS

P- The fruition of the contents is not paid in any form with the actual platforms.
S- Here you collect what others pay. As simple as this…

P- The few platforms that return something to the users are doing it by using some sort of "digital tokens" (or, to tell it better, by using some kind of loyalty-point-system) are doing this just to fidelize the users or to have them buying other and more products. They are not transparent and they pocketed big quantities of money with their users participation...
S- Everything that happens on the blockchain is registered and traceable permanently and in an unalterable way, while everything is public and transparent.

P- The use that authors make of their work implies the renounce of the rights connected to it, anybody is anymore the proprietary of the content that he upload on the internet, like photos, etcetera…
S- The authors must be the owners of everything they upload or use, in a certified manner, with unalterable proof, timestamp and content, instantly!!

P- It exist a lot of annoying malware code that infects the devices by taking advantage of its resources and, in many occasions, it also charges the unsuspecting users by using the phone credit.
S-Nobody can inject malware code into the system, we use very basic content-level publishing rules that prevent the execution of scripts or programs on your devices. And, above all, we are also the same consumers in the same community and we are committed to the more clean ethics possible too.

P- It is not sure not clear to whom the authors are selling their content and if it is the highest bidder.
S- By using the CreativeChain technology the authors can directly sell their content to the highest bidder, if they want to. The money go directly to their wallet.

P- In order to create some proof of content useful to contest something or to protect their rights, the authors and the “average-joe” have to ask help to a lawyer together with some greater effort, on the more, without having any way to prove sufficiently that something happened at a certain time.
S- With CreativeChain the authors can actually create timestamped proofs about every kind of data like video, chats, etcetera and so they can effectively and univoquely demonstrate and validate their origin in an unalterable way.

P- People often hire some services that subsequently is unable to pay, for example because the contractor hasn’t sufficient funds to do it.
S- By using CreativeChain smart-contracts, people can ensure to have sufficient funds and that they can actually pay for the hired services. It is also possible, for example to sign and seal the contracts or to encrypt them in order to keep them private.

WHEN SOMEONE GENERATES VALUABLE CONTENT, IT IS RIGHT THAT HE MUST HAVE TO BE THE OWNER OF THE BENEFITS DERIVING FROM IT. As you like, start charging and start earning from what you produce: it’s yours!! Download the CreativeChain wallet, it is available for the linux, windows and mac operating systems, even if as of now it is more for geeks.


MINING PROBLEMS

P- Mining operations are having problems in being profitable.
S- The CreativeChain platform will proportionally bring more fees to the miners than other mining systems. That is for the fact that the transactions are not only made for their economic reasons, but also for publishing content and, on the more, it represents the 10% of the value of each CREA and it compensates as the sizes of the OP RETURN and of the block augment/grow.  

P- Miners often have to switch to a different token even more volatile ones in order to monetize their effort in energy.
S- The CREA value is stable, it always preserve the registry-value, the query traffic received. In addition, with our ICO a large part of the proceeds will be used to maintain the value on the exchanges. Why would someone need to sell cheaper if there is someone who buys at least at the same price? The remainder of the pre-mined currency will be used to pay the developers in order to incentive them to contribute to the code. And, for the publication of content, that is to say, they return to the miners, since the registration of content only consumes the fees of the transactions, but nevertheless it will be published much more content than the transfers that are realized.

P- Regulatory problems. The CreativeChain project has at disposal agreements that allow people to exchange CREA in a simple and smooth way.
S- CreativeChain partners can help to convert the users CREA with fiat money of their own countries. Please check the partners section on our website. The CreativeChain community of your country can also help you with it.


PROBLEMS OF THE EDITORIAL OR CONTENT DISTRIBUTION PLATFORMS

P- Google, Amazon and the others “big players”, are crushing the ability to react of the traditional editors.
S- CreativeChain is a free-media that allows the traditional editors to use and own a free channel for the distribution of the authors content.

P- The autors, each time they use the existing digital platforms, they are renouncing to their rights without even noticing it.
S- By allowing a fair deal with the authors and by protecting them, it will be easier to access a larger number of authors. With CreativeChain, the authors are always free to distribute their content to whomever they want. They are able to access to their catalog by simply by accessing to the CreativeChain website. Or through the available API by installing your own Creativecoin CORE.

P- The sell of the content is not always remunerative.
S- People can incorporate the mining operations of the content in their own companies, it would be an efficient solution and an additional way that help to survive in the editorial and content industry.



GOVERNMENTS

-Transparency, corruption, misappropriation of funds ......
-Total transparency, there is no excuse anymore, it's free, you can publish anything and certify it also with a timestamp.

We are working on the first prototype that unifies the CreativeChain blockchain and the state certificates issued by the national currency and stamp factory. FNMT and electronic DNI in Spain. Any government may use CreativeChain to certify its contents and as a channel of use for its own official certificates. In addition, they can use it also in order to cooperate with other countries for accessing to trade information.


LAW

All kinds of tests and uses of certification, you have studied, if you have read the above you will know how to use it. CreativeChain is thankful to Soldier Lawyer for his precious help in developing all the smart contracts we are developing.


BANKS

- A good way to rectify all kinds of operations between the public and the state, besides communicating among you, and in this way, stop throwing millions to justify expenses, buy copyrights as a store of value [dafuck]!!


ABOUT THE PROJECT

creativechain.org


ABOUT THE ICO AND THE CREA CURRENCY

creativechain.org/ico


ABOUT THE PLATFORM

creativecoin.net

[We are now working in cleaning the code. It will be published during the next weeks]
[We are also adding a wallet based on the full browser node of Bitcoin]


ABOUT THE API

We are cleaning the last API version that will be published in PHP and JAVASCRIPT. It will be published during the ext weeks.
You can tryout it on creativechain.net During the following days it will be published on github.
We need some more time in order to better clean the code and to better document it, just a few days!!
READY

Newdata methods

getdatafromaddr 
getdatafromtx
getrawdatafromaddr 
getrawdatafromtx
publishdata

New ads methods.

getaddsfromtx
getaddsfromaddr
setrewardtx
gettxrewards
pusblisadd

New comunication methods

sendmsgtoaddr
getmsgfromaddr
signmessage
verifysignmessage 
messagecrypt
messajedecrypt


ABOUT THE CREATIVECHAIN WALLET / CORE

DOWNLOAD THE CREATIVECHAIN CORE AND WALLET QT FOR MAC, LINUX AND WINDOWS.

github.com/nOsDelAbismo/creativechain/


ALL

Newdata methods
getdatafromaddr 
getdatafromtx
getrawdatafromaddr 
getrawdatafromtx
publishdata
publishdatacrypt

New ADS methods. little smart contracts for selling your content and its rights, you put what you want and how you want it

getaddsfromtx
getaddsfromaddr
setrewardtx
gettxrewards
pusblishadd

New comunication methods

sendmsgtoaddr
getmsgfromaddr
signmessage
verifysignmessage 
messagecrypt
messajedecrypt



In addition, we also applied a few variation that is detailed on the webpage about the money. Resuming, it’s a blockchain with more data allowed in OP_RETURN.

A Fibonacci system in order to avoid the speculative mining but also some kind of mining attacks

More space per block.



ABOUT THE ICO PREMINED TOKENS



The most part of our team is made by creatives and enterpreneurs. That's why we designed a javascript library called trantor library that’s specifically made to allow the users to interact easily and visually with our blockchain.

After a long work and a lot of thinking about how to humanize the blockchain concept for the final users, we preferred and decided to standardize and develop our own system to display JSON data. We did this for the CREA blockchain.

If we think about and analyze the naturalness of how humans collect information, we will realize that, at the end of the story, humans always have to perform procedures. These have evolved in more complex procedures that, the individual point of view of each one of us, is what responsible about knowing something or not. Nowadays, the blockchain technology, even if not completely new, continues in innoving also because of its great ability of being decentralized, distribuited and democratic, way more than any other existing system, in an very efficient way and eliminating the third-parties. To understand all philosophy behind the blockchain is something quite complex for this we have designed an atypical navigation system that fits and can represent in a mathematical way, the structure of data content, and the visualization of our blockchain.

After thinking about how to standardize and actually make a usable and viewable representation system, we have decided for the solution nearest to the human model. As it seems coded in our own DNA, the perception of space, time and of our senses, is the most natural way to interact with the context.

That’s way we designed and developed a multidimensional viewing system that is able to display data structures as objects or arrays that can combine themselves in an infinity of multidimensional ways.

-We opted on a 3D data visualization that change/invert/wut the depth for the time

- Each block of information can be moved out or in the time axis (for example, by using the “type” dimension as reference and selecting the type of data “authors”, as result we could see the author and the evolution in time of its actions and creations, besides the other search criteria)

- Each block of information can be moved towards the block of information at its left and right, (for example, by considering the dimension of relation, we can swap left and right related them to the first dimension, the “author” data-type in this case, obtaining maybe a press release of this author)

This allows you to register, record a path or a compbination of them and to link them with other data and information in order to quickly access to “the things” we are relating or looking from the pont of view of the focus.

It is not necessary to know some language to move around in the space, it is innate in any human.

- In order to obtain aesthetically a more natural visualization and proportions of the content on the CreativeChain, we have implemented some fibonacci functions. In this way, the content, whatever the amount of data or types of data it has, can be visualized with a natural aesthetic, pleasing to any human.

- Our fibonacci-block respects into every aspect the fibonacci formulas in order to also render a pleasant and natural aesthetic in the visual fruition of data.

The “D” (dimensions) of this kind of 3D can be defined as:

d = hash of the search
p = point in the space
z = timestamped
rdw = related with the hash of who publish
rdp = related with who publish

p[d][z][rdp][rdw]


FOR A FAIR INDEXING

We want to create a search system as fair and as pragmatic as possible and we propose a simple solution for the starting but with the goal to leave the necessary information to the public domain for the study of the artificial intelligence.

People does not realize how much their life is becoming more and more expensive also because they use private services, we use some very simple graphics also because we don’t use third-party private services.




THE ACTUAL MODEL

Someone goes to the restaurant >> then he follows that restaurant on facebook >> the restaurant thinks that Facebook actually works >> so is keen to pay more in ads on facebook >> someone returns to the restaurant.

Maybe you already knew the restaurant or maybe you knew it because of a friend, for seeing him on facebook or even an advertisement. But what is clear is that facebook DOES NOT ADD ANY VALUE TO THE PROCESS. Only in the case of the advertisement because it is the platform you use.


CREATIVECHAIN MODEL

Someone goes to the restaurant >> follow the restaurant on creativechain >> the restaurant obtains real data >> the restaurant pays the advertisements to the authors and to the miners >> someone comes back to the restaurant.

Because of this, each node can emit, each time it happens that the consensus is reached (every block), the result of its consumption statistics as:

- Number of requests for each type of content.
- Number of requests for each content
- Number of searches per text string
- Number of signatures received by type of signature
- Paths occurred in the space and number of times they recurred

These 5 indicators give millions of possibilities for each machine or groups of them to approve information as they like, to protect the privacy of consumers and to eradicate from the world the data traffic, towards a more private and free world.

The indicators will allow you to create more real statistics of consumption and public, this way you avoid fraud, since you can compare how many people query x in a node or how many people query x in another one.

This information will be open to everyone and can be consulted in creativchain, eliminating from the equation the data companies and actor that seize the same data and coordinate their sale to the highest bidder, depriving the world of it and outstripping large corporations that are able to pay for such data unimaginable sums. Just look at the value of Facebook.com or Google.com

The consensus on how consultations are carried out in a sustainable way will be reached through the software in the repository.

weight = 1 /n entries on the index
weight in excess / remaining / remainder

w1=weight percent find
nmf = number of matchs found
nmtf = number of matches to found
w2 = weight of hash in the search / words in hash to match
nwh = numer of words in the hash /
nwc = numer of words check (para comprobar)
w3 = inverse of numer of words
nw = number of words
p1 = nF/ mntf;

w2 = nwh / nwc;
3 = 1/count($nw);
fw = ($weight + $propor2 + $propor1 - $propor3 ;
$weigntFinal = ($weight - $weightRemaining);


CREA ID

Each user can remain anonymous or can provide as many proofs about their identity as they wish to be consulted by anyone, or just by the person or organization that they want to give access to, for any purpose that they like and through the use of their public and private keys.


DEVELOPERS AND TEAM

We are a small organization with many aspirations, for this we have pre-created CREA for the developers that will help us in the development of the platform. Every kind of professionals who want to help us to be free and to make the world a little more fair, please contact us via the web.



License
-------

Creativecoin Core is released under the terms of the MIT license. See [COPYING](COPYING) for more
information or see https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.

Development Process
-------------------

Developer IRC can be found on Freenode at #creativecoin #creativechain.

Testing
-------

Testing and code review is the bottleneck for development; we get more pull
requests than we can review and test on short notice. Please be patient and help out by testing
other people's pull requests, and remember this is a security-critical project where any mistake might cost people
lots of money.

### Automated Testing

Developers are strongly encouraged to write [unit tests](/doc/unit-tests.md) for new code, and to
submit new unit tests for old code. Unit tests can be compiled and run
(assuming they weren't disabled in configure) with: `make check`

There are also [regression and integration tests](/qa) of the RPC interface, written
in Python, that are run automatically on the build server.
These tests can be run (if the [test dependencies](/qa) are installed) with: `qa/pull-tester/rpc-tests.py`

The Travis CI system makes sure that every pull request is built for Windows, Linux, and OS X, and that unit/sanity tests are run automatically.

### Manual Quality Assurance (QA) Testing

Changes should be tested by somebody other than the developer who wrote the
code. This is especially important for large or high-risk changes. It is useful
to add a test plan to the pull request description if testing the changes is
not straightforward.

Translations
------------

We only accept translation fixes that are submitted through [Bitcoin Core's Transifex page](https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/bitcoin/).
Translations are converted to Creativecoin periodically.

Translations are periodically pulled from Transifex and merged into the git repository. See the
[translation process](doc/translation_process.md) for details on how this works.

**Important**: We do not accept translation changes as GitHub pull requests because the next
pull from Transifex would automatically overwrite them again.
